Add jenkins actions, introduced jenkins client for jenkins server int… (#2903)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/jenkins/.changeset/gorgeous-colts-sort.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-jenkins': minor
---

> Introduced build,copy,create,destroy,disable and enable actions, also added jenkins client to interact with instance. Refactoring jenkins:job:create action to use jenkins client and added 2 parameters jobName,jobXml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced `jenkins:job:build`, `jenkins:job:copy`, `jenkins:job:destroy`, `jenkins:job:disable`, `jenkins:job:enable` actions.

The `jenkins:job:create` action now accepts a `jobXml` as input, containing the configuration of the job.
```
